CYBERGANG: Password Security

We will be creating an application that will be reliable in storing important information through strong password and login security. The problem is that applications allow for easy to guess passwords as long as they meet a certain criteria. As a result, data breaches and hacking can occur which leads to further problems. One should not half heartedly put faith in an application that won’t keep your data secure because it should be in practice that security is first and foremost secured. Regardless of the limitations that higher security might cause to the overall aesthetic of the application, security should be prioritized.  Password encryption and effective login standards are an important essence of the security the user should be guaranteed when installing an app. Since we cannot go and change every application’s security, the immediate action is to simply have a place that stores important information. Whether it be notes, passwords to other sites, or any other sensitive information, we strive to develop an application that will surely store all contents from the moment you create an account. This vault-like application will take into account the possible security breaches that are found in common document storing applications. At the end of the day, we want to create an application that will be user friendly and will not tempt the user to delete it due to the complexity that might be induced by security measures. We expect that our application will ensure login safety first and foremost. In the event where that first layer of security fails, we expect that our application will detect unusual behavior and act accordingly. We also expect and make it a goal that our users can safely navigate through its contents and ensure a reasonable level of communication between applications, if need be.
